Ah, of course I know.
You're just looking at my son
Just won the Olympic championship
Just gave me the contract and three generous gifts?
I also know that Ma Shoufu
You will be with the best every year
The most dazzling world champion signs a spokesperson contract
Ah!
Ma Shoufu, take out the contract
You are so sincere
I have convinced my son to work with you
Hahaha sign the contract
Right
Contract Secretary
Yes, bring us our contract
Did you see it?
lose money
My son can bring me a billion dollar contract
And you can sign a spokesperson agreement with Ma Shoufu
And what are you?
You are nothing but my shame
Stay in Zhaojiacun for the rest of your life
Find a local dog to marry casually
Spend a lifetime doing nothing
Hahaha mom
How can you say that to people?
Isn't Zhao Ruolan being taken care of by a rich man?
He can at least sell it
Can you sell it for a lot of money?
Sun Meifeng
How could you be so mean to your own daughter?
You're not even human.
You shut up
You old thing
Didn't you hear what I just said?
He doesn't deserve to be my daughter at all
I'll give you one last chance.
You really don't recognize Zhao Ruolan as a daughter?
Are you sure you want to distance yourself from him?
That's right, the richest man in Ma
Who loves who wants
I don't want it anyway
Good, very good.